Platform.network_driver field and associated functionality (#4150)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/configuration/optional-settings.md

---

## NETWORK_DRIVERS

+++ 1.6.0

Default: `{}` (Empty dictionary)

An optional dictionary to extend or override the default `Platform.network_driver` translations provided by [netutils](https://netutils.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/lib_use_cases_lib_mapper/). For example, to add support for a custom `Platform.network_driver` value of `"my_network_driver"` for Netmiko and PyATS drivers:

```python
NETWORK_DRIVERS = {
    "netmiko": {"my_network_driver": "cisco_ios"},
    "pyats": {"my_network_driver": "iosxe"},
}
```

> Currently understood top-level keys are `ansible`, `hier_config`, `netmiko`, `ntc_templates`, `pyats`, `pyntc`, and `scrapli`.

Author: If I'm understanding the code correctly now?

```suggestion
The default top-level keys are `ansible`, `hier_config`, `napalm`, `netmiko`, `ntc_templates`, `pyats`, `pyntc`, and `scrapli`, but you can also add additional keys if you have an alternative network driver that you want your Nautobot instance to include.
```
